[Music]
shalom for
Robert new
yorktimes watch
hello Robert Spencer what an honor to
have you in my podcast how you doing
well the honor is all mine thank you
very good to see you I waited a long
time but it was worth it you know I read
your b b and I thought to myself where
do you find all the time to write like
20 books H articles having a very
successful podcast is like you are
running a a life of I don't know at
least two three human being
[Laughter]
well something to
do um so before we are starting with the
real things about what you're
specializing I think it will be smart to
start um to tell about yourself because
part of my audience doesn't know who you
are and I think your history and your
background about your childhood is also
important I had a feeling that it's
connected to what you're doing right now
there are some connections
I suppose that's true of everyone yeah
in any case uh I am director of jihad
watch which is at jihadwatch.org
online and it is a news and commentary
service about Jihad activity of all its
forms in the United States as well as
around the world we are very strong
supporters of Israel because we
understand that Israel is facing the
same Jihad that struck the United States
on September
2001 and on many other occasions since
then on a smaller scale of course
and it is the ideology the beliefs of
the jihadis that we focus upon because
they have been almost completely
ignored denied or willfully
misunderstood by some of the leading
foreign policy analysts around the world
and so we try to shed light on the
aspects of this conflict this global
conflict that others would prefer
remained in the dark and I've written a
large number as you noted of books on
this on this issue various aspects of
this issue including the history of
jihad which is the only history of jihad
around the world that I know of that
exists today uh the Palestinian delusion
which is about the conflict between
Israel and the Palestinian Arabs and
about the history of the peace process
and why every negotiated settlement
always fails to bring that peace and of
course the answer to that goes back to
Jihad once again and to the Theology of
Islam also I've written a new
translation and commentary on the Quran
the critical Quran Muhammad a critical
biography which is obviously about the
prophet of Islam and the historical
accuracy of the records concerning him
uh I have a book coming in March called
anti-Semitism history and myth which is
about the explosion of anti-Semitism
since October 7th
2023 and I want us to talk about it
later
on but but before we are going to dig in
the Jihad and Islam and Muhammad ER if
if I if I understood right you were you
was born in Turkey right no no my
grandparents came from Turkey I was Bor
United States and they were forced to
convert into Islam right they refused to
be forced to convert to Islam and so
they were exiled they they were Orthodox
Christians and they left they were
forced to leave their home uh at
gunpoint my actually my
great-grandfather was murdered murdered
at the time by a Turkish sold and they
were able the rest of them were able to
get out and come to the United States
this was because they did not want to
convert to Islam it's interesting thing
that many Turks today are taking DNA
tests and discovering to their horror
that they're Greek or Armenian and that
would been my family's situation had
they remained so in a way you you was
born and raised and the atmosphere in
your in your home was this story you
talked about it it was something that
was very alive H in your family or it
was just a
case it was it was certainly discussed
but it was always in a positive way uh
grandmother in particular was very very
romantic about turkey and how beautiful
it was and how she loved being there and
then I would always ask well then why
did you leave we were exiled why were
you exiled and she didn't want to talk
about that so much that's what led me to
want to study the area to find out what
had happened and you visit Turkey since
then I'm sorry you been in Turkey I
don't think I I it would be wise for me
to go uh having written critically about
Islam and Muhammad if I were known to
Turkish authorities I'd probably be
arrested and so so I'd rather just not
go no we don't want it to happen so
let's start with definition I you you
you always saying Jad and you are
talking a lot about about Muhammad
probably you want to expose his
personality and the Legacy he brought to
the world and how people up to now
continue with his H method and Legacy
but what is the difference between Jad
as you see it to Islam or to radic or to
radical Islam because you're doing a
very strong separation between both of
them actually radical Islam is something
I don't ordinarily speak about uh
it's it's it's a misleading term I
believe because the teachings of the
Quran and the teachings of Islamic
tradition and Theology and law
are Radical by the definition of
non-muslims that is Islam in all its
sects and schools of law contains
teachings calling for Warfare against
unbelievers and consequently all Islam
is radical Islam in a certain sense now
that doesn't mean every Muslim is a
radical Muslim because the teachings of
the religion are one thing and the way
people put them into practice are
another that's of course true in all
religious Traditions that there are
people who are extremely observant and
devout and people who carry the name of
the religion but they don't actually
observe it and everything in between and
so there are Muslims who are perfectly
happy to live with non-muslims and will
never be waging Jihad but the Theology
of jihad and conquest and subjugation of
unbelievers is deeply embedded Within
Islam itself now Jihad means struggle
and there are many struggles in Islam
just is as as many struggles in Arabic
as a matter of fact uh as there are
struggles in English in English you can
struggle to quit smoking or struggle to
lose weight or struggle have a great
struggle between civilizations and it's
the same word and it's the same thing
with Jihad there are as many struggles
in the Islamic context as there are in
English but the
theological understanding that is
primary among Muslims throughout history
of jihad is Warfare against unbelievers
in order to establish the hegemony of
Islam over societies around the world
and so this Warfare is considered to be
a sacred act this is what westerners and
non-muslims have such a hard time
understanding how could people
Massacre people at a dance festival at a
music festival and think that they're
righteous well they believe that because
the Quran tells them to fight to wage
war it even says fighting is prescribed
for you even though you dislike it and
consequently somebody who engages in
this Warfare it is
a supreme Act of service and obedience
to the deity as they see it and so they
simply do not regard it in the same
moral categories as we are accustomed to
seeing it and it is the West's inability
to understand the moral categories that
they see what they're doing within that
has kept us from understanding the
entire conflict
properly because in it
because it's very hard to see the
conflicts through Jihad eyes it's
something that it's very hard
for every human being with a common
sense to understand it but when when the
root of it started because if I if I the
way I know history It Started From the
Moment Muhammad decided he want to
started a new religion and to take out
the Christianity and Judaism ISM and he
and he started to conquer and slutter
and rape so it was sorry to say but it
was part of
his culture Behavior
character and like everyone who believe
in Islam in a way supposed to adopt this
kind of personality the the I don't know
like um the Divine personality as they
see it that's right Muhammad is the
excellent example that in the Quran chap
33: 211 and so if Muhammad is the
excellent example then that there's no
qualification on that there's no limit
to it everything he does is righteous
and so if the believer wants to be
righteous he imitates Muhammad now as
you noted Islamic tradition describes
Muhammad as Waging War massacring his
enemies while uh uh breaking agreements
with them uh raping the women
and all of it is the behavior that is to
be emulated so you take for example the
rapes and we saw that on October 7th and
it's something also we've seen around
the world we saw it in Nigeria with boo
Haram we saw it with Isis we saw it just
a few days ago in Syria again when the
jihadis took over Aleppo and this is a
constant if you read my book the history
of jihad God it's constant throughout
Islamic history and the rape gangs in
London in Britain all around the country
for years now there have been gangs of
mostly Pakistani Muslim men and they
they victimize these young girls and
turn them into prostitutes or gang rape
them repeatedly and for years the
strangest thing about this phenomenon
was that Fathers and Sons would join in
together oh
and nobody can understand that you see
what I mean you're shocked yourself
because you would think you know a
rapist he's he's going to be doing this
solitary in a solitary way or maybe
conceivably with a gang of his friends
who were like-minded but a father and
son you think that the father would be
would be appalled and would tell the son
to cut this out and not act this way but
they both believe that what they're
doing is not only accept but good and
righteous and holy it's it's a beautiful
thing because they're imitating Muhammad
you know you remind me on October 7 some
of the young Palestinians which they are
Hamas they are the same I don't know why
the world are separate between them um
after he
murder in a very bad way just you know
that they're not just killing they're
really cruel just for an example they're
taking pregnant woman cut the belly and
taking out the baby and killing them in
front of the mother eyes um so after he
murdered a full family with 10 Israelis
he called his mother and father in Gaza
and he was so enthusiastic telling them
wow you don't know I killed I murdered
10 Israel and they pray to God wow we
are so proud of you we are so exciting
about what you did
hello
foreign
[Music]
speee foreign
it was really they felt that there that
he did something Divine by that so I can
understand what you are saying but but
in a
way I don't understand perfectly how the
jiad connected to Islam like how come
some of them adopted it some of them not
and and the next question is how come
the the West are so blind to to this
phenomena cuz they they see October 7
they saw it they saw videos they saw
picture and it took them 24 hours to
forget about it to ignore it to um put
it aside and and present Israel as if it
were the
aggressor you heard
well like I said before there are many
shades of meaning to it and in the like
what well the word means struggle so you
have the struggle to try to improve
yourself and reject sin in a religious
sense so that's the meaning that most
westerners non-muslims assume that Jihad
is is is all about and then they think
well there's some extremists who believe
it has to do with violence
but actually this is not really an
either or it's both and they don't
understand that when these jihadis are
out killing and raping they believe that
they are actually improving themselves
that is the struggle to reject sin and
conform one's life to the example of
Muhammad and they don't understand that
see the the in the west in the United
States but also in Europe there are very
powerful Islamic groups today in the
United States it's the Council on
American Islamic relations and the uh
Muslim American society the Islamic
Society of North America and their
Muslim Brotherhood
organizations as Hamas remember Muslim
Brotherhood from Palestine
so these are dedicated to advancing the
same goals that Hamas has but they don't
do it by violent means they do it by
nonviolent means
and that means in in one large that one
large aspect of their Endeavors is to
confuse people about what Islam and
Jihad are all about so they say somebody
like Spencer who speaks about Jihad as
violence and uh Savage brutality as
pleasing to Allah he's just uh somebody
who hates Muslims and thus that's why
he's saying this and they've gotten all
of the media
and all of the governing authorities and
the law enforcement authorities everyone
to believe it's hateful it's racist it's
bigoted and islamophobic to say what
that violent Jihad is actually part of
Islam but you asked about the
relationship between Jihad and Islam
violent Jihad is actually very clearly
what Jihad is in the Quran and in the
Islamic Traditions about Muhammad I
didn't make it up it comes from many
many passages in the Quran kill them
wherever you find them is three times in
the Quran fight until religion is all
for Allah is twice in the Quran uh fight
into a persecution is no more and
religion is all for Allah uh there are
many other passages that have to do with
fighting and it's very clear when they
say fighting they don't just mean argue
with them or have a discussion or
dialogue because for one thing chapter 8
verse 41 of the Quran speaks about The
Spoils of war and says you have to give
a fifth to Muhammad now how can you give
a fifth of a spiritual struggle to
anybody it's obviously a hot Warfare
they're talking about and you take the
possessions of those you have killed and
you give a fifth to the Muslim
leadership this makes it very clear that
they're talking about violent Warfare
Muhammad speaks about there being
nothing greater than Jihad and says that
if it were up to him he would go out and
get killed in battle and come back to
life and get killed in battle and come
back to life and get killed in battle
over and over again but instead he
decided to stay and direct the others to
get killed in battle but the idea is
very clear in saying things like that
that when he says there is no greater
act than Jihad he means Warfare he means
taking up arms and fighting and there
are innumerable examples we could spend
the rest of the of this discussion
talking about examples where it's very
clear that Muhammad is speaking about
armed battle as the primary form of
jihad uh you can refer to my biography
of Muhammad or the history of jihad to
to get the sources on this and so when
these
westerners pretend that this is some
form of extremism that is twisting the
peaceful religion of Islam this is the
minent view but it has no basis in
actual Islamic Theology and there's
never been a form of Islam that teaches
coexist peacefully as equals with
unbelievers and that's very important
for Israel in particular when you're
talking about nowadays there's more talk
than ever about establishing a
Palestinian state if a Palestinian state
were established it will be used as a
new Jihad base to destroy the F of
Israel there's nothing it would not
coexist peacefully because that
possibility is not allowed for in
Islamic theology but but you know it
amazed me all the time how come the
Palestinians succeed to build a
narrative and share it all over the
world the story of Palestinians
apparently never was
festine this is not a war over territory
after all the Arabs themselves are an
occupying Empire and anyone who
understands a little bit of history
since the territories they have
conquered since the beginning of Islam
included the Middle East the issue is
that they succeeded so well branded
their strangle as the matter of
occupation and the West which apparently
itself suffers from a feeling of guilt
for years of being involved in the slave
trade
and colonialism
itself they are buying the story of the
victim who was expeled uh from his land
so this is very important to say that
From perspective of
Palestinians who are actually Arabs by
the
way the whole world belong to them it's
not about Palestine for them the whole
world belongs to them it's just a matter
of time until it will
happened you know in Gaza Hitler's main
comp H book H it it is in every
school unra which was responsible for
education in Gaza together with Hamas
introduce this Nazi ideology and to the
to the students in every education
center there were
performance by
students of how they are modering
killing Jews and in their
textbook the heroes were the most
terrible cruel terrorist this is this is
who who are um they
admire did you ever ask yourself who are
the heroes of Palestinians or or the
Arabs in
Gaza in southern Lebanon by the way both
the Quran and Hitler's book were found
in
homes so it's it's I don't know if to
say ridiculous but in a way it's absurd
cuz the West thinks that this is about
Israel well Israel is just a stop over
on the
way I don't know if someone H read Hamas
Charter and if he is not you can go
online to read it it is a basic document
with a strong anti-em I itic and
anti-western and extreme extremist
Islamic worldview the chatter emphasize
the organization
ideology a commitment to destroyed
completely the state of Israel through a
strategy of long-term violent
struggle and despite by the way all of
this Israel is trying to manage this war
in the best possible she can you know
what listen to what IDF high rank
Colonel and Professor Gabby
siboni for
and after we heard what he said it is
important to say that Islam also also
has another side a friendly
social they are very welcoming human
being you know you can see Muslim woman
all over social media marketing the
hijab as a fashionable and cool
clothing so H it may be a site that
looks very attractive to the Western
culture nice part of the Islam is making
them
blind well that's certainly true there
is a great confusion in the west between
Islam and
Muslims and so when I speak about
Islam's teachings of warfare and
subjugation and conquest and the
destruction of the non-muslim
communities and the sex slavery of the
Infidel women and all the rest of it
people like I said before they say oh
you hate Muslims you're an islamophobe
well this has nothing to do necessarily
with any individual Muslim because any
individual Muslim may not believe or
have any intention of acting upon any of
that just like any Jew or any Christian
may not have any interest in some
particular aspect of their religions and
may not follow these things or may not
even be aware of them and so the problem
here is that there's been and I think
it's an intentional confusion so people
say that uh Andrew Boston the uh scholar
of anti-Semitism he he calls it the my
friend Ahmed syndrome that people have a
friend who's a Muslim and they say he's
a wonderful man and he's very gentle and
peaceful so therefore Islam must not
teach Warfare well that doesn't follow
at all Ahmed may just may be wonderful
guy who doesn't pay any attention to the
Warfare against unbelievers or it may be
that he's not all that devout or it
maybe that he intends to do these things
in other ways because there is the Jihad
of the pen the Jihad of the tongue all
these the jihads besides the Jihad of
the sword uh so there's any number of
things that might explain why an
individual is a nice person but it
doesn't really change what the religion
teaches and if the religion teaches this
Warfare then there are always going to
be some believers who take that up but
the West has a very hard time
understanding that yes and uh also the
Islamic groups in the US have been very
skillful in portraying any criticism of
Islam as racism and bigotry and
everybody's very worried about racism
all the time so you say that something
is racist then everybody runs the other
way and they're afraid so they've gotten
all the politicians afraid to say
anything about Islam because they'll be
called racist and they'll never get
elected to
anything so in a way um how do you
access the impact of the political
correctness on dealing with the with
Jihad H in America in Europe because you
are not allowed to say a lot of things
like like what just what you mentioned
every every every word you are um
accused to be
racism yes it's been completely
devastating and so the average person
today has no idea what what we're
dealing with or what's in the offing and
so for example you have this this the
the Border question and the migration
and mass migration into countries in
Europe and to a lesser degree the United
States Mass migration of Muslims and all
over Europe if you say there's something
wrong with that or it's bringing Rising
crime and the rapes and everything else
and
Jihad you're a racist so it can't be
said and uh they're even talking trying
to outlaw the party in Germany that's
against Mass migration because they're
Nazis well it might be possible that you
could not be a Nazi and still not be in
favor of the islamization of your
countries but the authorities are
willfully blind to what ISL iation means
or if it's even a possibility they just
think some Muslims will move in and
we'll have a Multicultural Society and
everything will be wonderful the idea of
a supremely intolerant and supremacist
ideology coming and overwhelming the
rest that doesn't ever occur to them
off
[Music]